Warrior
[Music]
poet fresh Liquid Smoke they got that
derangement
syndrome I can see it clearly
now I took the anti
Christos the anti
venom my eyes are clear
the stars are shining
near
hak Med the goddess of death make your
[Music]
portions and pluck your
strings I have the key of
death I have the key to
Hell give me quickly the Water of Life I
am that drug
the death
inducer Hallelujah toxicology Pharma
doya Liquid Smoke keep it moving lady
Babylon Elder
Amazon blow your mind on Spanish Fly
shining bright stars in the sky consume
the Thea the Venom dragon's
head you sexual Venus
[Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is Al
and youu and I am bringing you some
instruction tonight it's going to Thrill
you it's gonna get inside you and it's
gonna turn you into something that you
were never thinking you could
become oh God it's wonderful absolutely
wonderful I think we have an
announcement too but I'm going to wait
for that announcement I'm going to wait
right and by the way you know um little
variety never hurt right fantastic let's
I'm going to take you somewhere tonight
what exactly are we going to do I'm
going to resurrect for you
arilus I'm going to resurrect for you a
dude who's going to tell us who he is in
his own words but I can tell you what it
says it is
grave oh
God this is the
person who baptized The
Muse into the Viper
[Music]
Venom this is the seventh century I have
a real treat for you tonight I have a
real treat tonight we are going to the
7th Century
BC and everybody's excited because we've
been hitting the second and the first so
many times we got to stop we're going
way back we're going back to the one of
the three people that
the civilization that produced democracy
said these are the three
greats one of them is arilus a warrior
poet what is the Warrior poet there to
do the warrior poet is there to
avenge the warrior poet serves
Mars and the
muses
imagine having the power to kill with
your
words this is
arilus and I'm going to show you
tonight I'm going to show you you mean
he killed with his poetry yes he did yes
he did he killed people with his
Muse oh God so gorgeous I'm going to
give you that then after that we're
going to jump into a little bit of
passivity a little bit of passivity
tonight so those of you nerds who have
come for a beating the drill sergeant is
waiting he's
waiting before we even get to my part I
want to tell you it's such a pleasure I
believe that we have found chewy this is
verifiable right I believe we have found
that boy that was with Jesus in a public
park at 4:00
A.M in Mark
145152 I think we found him I think we
found him
turns out he was with P
Diddy the whole time the whole
time right under our noses like some
kind of Bic
tragedy ah are you ready for the
cleansing are you ready people for the
cleansing Can you feel it oh God turn it
up on and turn up turn up the
heat we're going to do that tonight okay
let's get started bring them in bring
him in here let's do what we always do
and bring him in give me that first give
me that very first first reference look
people look the Spartans ordered the
books of arilus who well let's find out
they ordered that his books should be
removed from their state because they
considered them
indecent and would not have their
children indoctrinated Florida with
writing which might do more harm to
their morals than good to their wits
thank you Valerius
Maximus for telling us that isn't that
nice who are we dealing with tonight
we're dealing with the warrior poet
whose Works were
banned they were banned in
Sparta he like Stephen King is
corrupting the youth
are you ready you know what's happening
here I just want to say this last uh
time that we all met together
congregation we talked about selling the
Muse and we
ended with songs that talked about
throwing these pirates from the
[Music]
bridges you know what we're going to see
tonight we're going to see the warrior
poet who did just that when you
prostitute The Muse do you know what
happens to you we're going to see
tonight we're going to see tonight oh
God this is so lovely it's like a giant
Justice party give me the next one give
me oh did we finish all that I think we
finished all of that one here moreover
if we may believe pendar yeah what's
wrong with pendar we let's believe
Pender Tander was the originator of
drinking songs so wait a minute drinking
songs what is it drinking song but it
must be remembered that further
Innovations were made by arilus now wait
wait the people Nancy you love music
look at this it's gorgeous the trimeter
the combination of unlike
measures the recitative or rhythmical
recitation of poetry to music oh that
was his doing do you understand what
you're watching here every everybody
who's ever had any
interest in
rap ought to be watching the master
himself this dude look what he's look
what the dude brings look what the dude
brings and he's a warrior poet man he's
a warrior poet right he's a Greek from
the island of
paros right and his
family have been setting down colonies
and building temples to demer and
dionis
okay look what we did people we stepped
out of the spaceship tonight here we are
back in the sth century remember for
those of you who are catching up this
is
about 4 to 500 years
before
Judaism
developed and what is happening the
world is being
saturated with
poets we've got libraries now we've got
libraries people we're going
forward we're going forward do you see
what's happening okay so we're back
there in the 7th century and we're
making drinking songs drinking songs
nice we'll find out what those are give
me the next one chewy or give me that
one let me finish it yeah to him also
are ascribed the epode oh have you
invented those of you sitting out there
artists have you invented a genre no you
haven't this person did not only that
but a whole bunch of stuff look at the
tetrameter the ktic right how many of
these different meters the heroic Ry
version of the daic
hexamer some authorities would say the
elic excuse
me this
person is
inspired this person and you know what
they did to him when he got to Sparta
they wouldn't let him
in they exiled
him they exiled
him what did
arilus
create in addition to everything that we
just looked at the I
Amic I
Amic what is I Amic poetry it's the
Poetry of the
insult the insult that makes you kill
yourself it is the deepest darkest truth
that the poet can hit upon it's when the
poet's Muse becomes
baptized in a kid as Venom that's how
they said it not
me you
hear the rituals you see elus this is to
demer and
dionis what is arilus he is an
author of I Amic
poetry I Amic
poetry ith phallic
poetry who out there wants to know what
if he F like this Mr Rogers come here Mr
Rogers I don't mean to do this I know
it's not polite Mr Rogers I said I would
never spank you but tonight's word is
ethic naughty language from a naughty
ethic it's Greek people right of course
it is every of course it is right and
what does it mean comes from two words
being put together put yourself in the
native
mind
straight straight
straight what's the other
[Music]
one verile member
AKA
Johnson
this is what is
straight when ethic procession takes
place do you want by the way everybody
these pots these Greek pots that's
original stuff do you understand do you
see the minad and you see the Seder why
does the Seder have a horse's tail if
you've ever wanted to know why the Sader
has a horse's
tail I'm G to show you tonight you're
gonna find out for the first time
classicists have debated this right what
what the heck some of them are kind of
horse you know what I mean what the
changes almost looks like donkey ears
growing on that guy what's going on I'm
going to show you and it's going to have
to do with licking the head of a horse
let's do it I love this stuff get them
out of there come back later give me the
next yeah uh did we finish yeah no we
finished keep going um yeah had a
costume of his day that's fine next one
next one what else a foot less than it
will be the ethic now when they say foot
they mean metric foot right this is
Marius again right thank you which was
invented by arilus consists of three
trokies and then he gives an example in
Latin a rhythm composed they say by the
poet in honor of the god herein
addressed who do you think who do you
think you address with iic poetry it's
people who are getting
christed christed do you know what makes
us
ethic you know what makes us sialic
last time we met we resurrected
meatman did we have meatman did he come
with us tonight people he's a people
love meatman we resurrected meatman and
one one of the things that St Thomas
here
depicted one thing about him that I
failed to tell you that I had in my
notes but I rushed
is that he says
explicitly his
medicine is the
mystery his
mystery I've been telling
you all of this only because we have
sources none of idea meatman is a
reality meatman
what does he taste like right they put
salt and vinegar no I'm serious because
it says in the acts of Thomas it says
they put salt and vinegar all over them
too which is probably a great exercise
because you're kind of trying to
sterilize you know it's like curing if
your meat is all out there because
somebody took your skin off right what
do you do Cur
yourself right right I love it thank you
meatman you may go now give us give us
the next meatman will make more
appearances I don't know why people like
me meatman people look at the Greek for
ethic what is ethic worship now watch
this look at the
Brits in
the um 1850
is right look at the Brits these are
victorians how are they going to Define
for us the straight male member fosin
erectum they give us some Latin they
give us some Latin the
fallos carried in the festivals of bakus
there it is there it is everybody knows
what a fallace is right it's a are you
ready Mr Rogers a
fallace is a penis
yeah yeah an iy
phus is a straight
one do you understand when you are
initiated you must you must be in a
sexual state of
arousal it doesn't work otherwise you
can see it in the
men right you can see it at
you can hear it they said in the
women
oh God isn't that gorgeous where do you
think songs come from where do you think
singing comes from the dude that I'm
showing you tonight is inventing
everything right right he's inventing
everything and how is he doing it
through saders through
saders what are you looking for for the
Dark
Harbor do you
understand do you have ears to hear give
me the next one people are going to love
this watch this people I swear you're
going to love it um yeah follow so here
we go look I told you before look look
they're they're they're chased they're
running away from those Brits they ran
in a second from the fallace just hold
up do you want people to run from you
yeah hold up a fallace hold up a fallace
shake it this is what they did in the
bonic
procession this is why I had my students
at St Mary's University process a
six-foot erection into the
theater because it's part of the
religious
worship that sets the
stage that sets the
stage yeah yeah do you understand
it's gorgeousness now watch now let's
get back to arilus because I want people
to have somebody to to look up to for so
long we've been looking down on Jesus
Christ who was arrested in a public park
with a naked kid there's stuff going on
P Diddy is in the background giving us a
show it's like there are you sure are
you sure this thing is not scripted is
it of course it is that's how all
reality is
right what do you think what do you
think programming they looked at
language and programming then you'd
think they would get it give me the next
one watch this people stand and look at
arilus the old maker of I Amic verse
whose infinite Renown has spread both to
utmost East and furthest west sure the
muses and de and Paulo liked him well
such taste and skill had he to bring
both to the framing of the words and to
the singing of them to the liar every
take it down every
musician every musician on the
planet this is your guy this is your
guy right step forward step forward
arilus and tell us tell us about
yourself okay let's hear it in his own
let's hear it in the poet's own words
let's hear who he said he
was and
remember this
dude ended up affecting a lot of
people's
lives right lot of them very
positively many of them very
negatively that's the power do you
understand oh God warrior poets let's
bring them back let's bring back that
Amazon poetes shall we give it to me
give it to me right oh by here's a
little saying by the way from the
Palatine
Anthology right Gula supposedly this
tomb by the sea is the grave of arilus
who first dipped a bitter Muse and snake
venom and stained gentle Helicon with
blood Helicon is where the
muses sing and he stay the place with
blood witness like kmy bewailing the
hanging of daughters
three pass Softly by good Wayfair or
you'll Rouse the wasps that settle on
his tip who is did we find her did we
find her who who where are the hanging
people were were there things were there
were there
intimations yes we have illustrations go
ahead go head who are we talking about
are we talking what what happened give
me the
scoop um before you know um something
bad happens give me the scoop the scoop
is
arilus fell in
love and he asked the girl that he was
in love with he asked her father um can
I marry her you know and her father was
like yeah bro here he is leave that
picture up here he is he said sure right
this is history I'm talking about I'm
not talking about any sort of religious
Legend and so he's gonna get married to
his
daughter and
um the
politics of
colonization got in the way and
daddy realized
that it was more profitable for him
would make him more popular to have his
daughter marry somebody else who was in
the political scheme
right okay so what did arilus do he
simply wrote a song about it he wrote a
song about it and he was so famous in
his own
lifetime that everybody got a hold of it
everybody and do you know what
happened the daughter that was engaged
to him and her father and in some some
accounts his mother also her mother uh
his wife right the girl's yeah neul's
mother what did they do
they killed themselves
why you have to realize this is we're
still operating within that late Bronze
Age
mentality of the shame
culture it's a huge
deal and arilus Muse ruthlessly murdered
those
people they couldn't live after that
they couldn't live after that now if you
think that's OD if you think that's odd
let me tell you let me fast forward and
tell you about the death of arilus
arilus died in
battle he died in
battle the person who killed
him was at
delie the
Priestess Oracle saw him
enter and told him get
out get
out you murdered the servant of the Muse
get
out now that's a sounds like a wonderful
drama but it means a lot more than you
think because this is the Oracle at
delie telling a dude remember Socrates
is only famous because of the
Oracle okay and the same Oracle
right the same position tells this dude
who killed arilus in
battle you don't get any approach you're
filthy you're polluted how many other
the temples do you think this dude gets
to go be a part of how much of ancient
Society how much of ancient Greek
society does this cut him out of oh just
about everything because guess what
everybody finds out about it in the end
everybody and that's what he's got to
walk around now he appealed the decision
he appealed the decision and claimed
that it was under the service of
Mars right and was therefore
protected and the response from the
Oracle again was just one
thing he was a servant of the muse
now we fast forward all the way to his
death I want you to sit there and hold
his death in one hand I want you to hold
his birth in the other because at the
time of his
birth his
father right who works for the
priesthoods of demer and
bacus he goes to the to dely and he asks
the Oracle um what about my child child
tell me about my child she said he will
become
immortal he will become
immortal when he was a little boy his
father told him go out and get the cow
he went out and get the cow he got the
cow and while he was bringing the cow
back ladies showed up and these ladies
had a liar they gave it to him and he
said thank you right that's our
kilus they say give us a cow we'll deal
with a cow you take the
liar right now this
Vision was verified to be that of the
muses appearing to arilus when he was
just a
kid when he was just a kid you mean
we're talking about an eight or nyear
old yes P Diddy we
are
uhhuh all right all right I think I get
it I think I get it now it was verified
in his lifetime as a legitimate
appearance right the Oracle said those
were the
muses so for this [ __ ] to have killed
arilus in
battle Yeah
he was killing the
Divine he was killing it he was stopping
the music and that's why Florida we have
to burn
books do you understand let's all go to
the bonic rry give me the next one chewy
I want to pull it out and I want people
to see it this is good this is good I
want people to see it look here's what
does this say oh the dude that killed
arilus was called
right and here are the words I just
wanted you to see the words on the
second line
ex that's what she says to him get out
of the temple get
out what did the peran do what did the
peran do they honored
arilus despite the fact that he was a
supreme
blason Blas
fer do you know what arilus was someone
whose words could curse you you could
listen to the words and be
cursed that is blasphemy give me the
next one I think is BL did we bring in
blossomy I think we did here we did look
speaking ill omened words words is that
what we're doing are we now speaking ill
omened
words as the
cororo oh right oh have you heard that
thing that thing can she can talk like a
toad man I never heard that she did that
right over my head the other day I
thought I was going to fall over it's
amazing what those Ravens can do um
slanderous
lialis who is arilus he is the king of
slander do you hear me do you hear me
yet do you hear me yes I know you do
where'd it go oh I took it somewhere
else I need more I need more space too
where's it do you hear me do you hear me
I'm gonna let it sink in I'm going to
let it sink in can you hear it listen
slander who tell me now okay tell me who
is the king of
slander tell me you want it you want me
to slander you don't you who do you want
you want the devil don't
[Music]
you that's exactly the way it is
literarily you just bring it out you
bring out that
demon right
slander slander imagine mention that the
Gent who invented the sharpest slander
that's ever existed how sharp is it alen
sharp enough to
kill sharp enough to
kill give me the next one give me the
next one aren't there any we gotta bring
in the good comments right we got bring
in the good comments right um this is
more this is more was about the appeal
right it doesn't matter get next one the
appeal doesn't matter right it doesn't
matter you he was a servant of the
Muse right what what were you thinking
man what were you thinking oh look
what's happening um I just wanted you to
see a couple of words I just wanted you
to see this is that you know really
bitterness right that thing that really
bites I guess is a better
pross it's
biting right it's biting look at the
metaphors is bitter bitter right
Relentless
Relentless okay just keep bear that in
mind give me the next one give me the
next one I think I put the that was the
cart we'll find the horse don't worry I
think oh here it is okay that word look
at the first into the first line look at
the last part of that last word right p
i want you to see how this fits in in
right so here people we're at the
tomb the seaside tomb of
arilus right and I want you to see that
he is baptizing look at the second line
I just want you to see this this was
quoted above but I wanted you to see the
Greek protos
e he is the
first right he B IES as the first one to
do
so the Muse what kind of
muse the
bitter the bitter
Muse and what does he baptize her
with you know what H is it's venom do
you know what happens when you take the
Aida who's the Akida you know who she is
she's the mother of that girl who is
half singer half
Viper that's what they called her I am
telling you that's what they called her
historically please find her she's in
the
Greek yeah
arilus
creates a
muse who is the
joining of the song
with
death remember this is
bakic the mystery is US entering into a
state of sexual ecstasy followed by
death and
Resurrection
arilus
knows the
drugs are you going to be surprised if I
tell you he knows the drugs and I show
you oh god
oh thank of where you are now think of
where you could have
been right shame on you I'm going to
show you a poem of arilus that's going
to blow out your eard
drums everything in it is the
naughtiest it is the sharpest naughtiest
knife you'll ever come
across give it to me next one next one
what is this oh here arilus just tell us
for yourself who are you
buddy
knos who who are you I am the
servant of the God of
War the great Lord in alos
and I
know that desired gift of the
muses I know their
gift I know their
gift who now you have to remember um
he's not just saying that because he's
sitting down on his porch say how can I
be you know let's throw in some metaphor
there what
you know what I mean he's not doing that
he's not doing that at all he's talking
about his
God and who is his God in Alias who's
that old Myan stuff baby it's old
Aries oh
god oh sometimes classes just get it
backwards because they'll tell you Aries
is the older version no I've seen it in
the m bra I've seen it and I don't
believe that okay but it's out there why
is the tree on which hangs the skin on
which is printed the song of media why
is that in the Grove of
Aries
Warrior
poet where do you think poetry came from
comes from the worship of Aries
do you know who knows more than the man
or
woman who has been a servant to the war
god do you know who knows more about
life
nobody
nobody fantastic there's one Mission
guard the song guard the song it's the
one Mission you thought the temple you
thought the Grove of Aries what did you
think
it's going to have a bunch of bunch of
Steely big bronny cartoonish
men maybe they're sitting there
wrestling no it's got a tree and on the
tree is a song written on a
fleece and it's
hers this is the same song the
Christians tried to
abuse and ended up with their faith this
is the song that brings Christian
faith God I love it give me the next one
who um yeah yeah give me the next one oh
I just wanted you where are the drugs
look people I just want you to see this
reference it's scolia on theocritus 248
talks about heo manes right they're
interested in hippo Mones and the
terminology surrounding it and it's an
it's a cure for something right the
drugs that are involved what is this and
they they're mentioning arilus in this
context to look at specific technical
vocabulary and they're doing this um
they're doing this long before there's
you know what other languages are around
the time uh not much right not much that
really is producing anything you know
there were 60,000 to 200,000 they
estimate works in the library at
Alexandria you know what I mean you know
what I mean how many languages do you
think those were in
right yeah it just doesn't matter until
you get to
climax in a
language yeah you haven't been there you
go back Romans go back to your huts with
that Latin just go back to it by the way
I love Latin and I work on Latin sources
all the time because I'm a classical
philologist so um but I do like to give
ltin hard time anyway give me the next
one it's okay if you you know if you
like a limited vocabulary you're okay
what is heo manes people are you ready I
promised you this this is the gross part
that may certain people may like this
they may like dig it you know what I
mean hio manes abounding in or swarming
with horses right this is an adjective
right um what are we doing H well if we
turn it into a noun right we've got an
Arcadian plant called The Thorn Apple or
detur stramonium of which horses are
madly
fond or which makes them
mad did you know horses get
stoned of course they do every animal
gets stoned right
wow surprise surprise look look what's
happening here and I know because people
have mentioned this before this is a big
deal right what are the hippo Manis all
about look what happens in number
two it's a small in this case in this
reference it's small black fleshy
substances on the forehead of a newborn
fo then that make you hungry which if
procured right before it was eaten by
the dam because you know those horses
want to get so high right you know they
do you know they do you see people
shouting about adren chrom oh my God you
don't know the half of it you don't know
the half of it where are your horses man
let's watch one
full oh God have a big party have a big
party b b you know what I mean um horses
right can you get Rico for horses I
don't know I don't know but here it is
um yeah so what happens um it was a
powerful why did people do this why do
you eat this thing ah because they turn
it into an
filon those are those things that you
take in order to make
yourself a
Sader right or a
mead a
Mead a moaning Mead now um the
processing of it is really what matters
right what they're doing with it to
process it and apparently you got to get
it quick because the you know you lose
it so look where where are we notice
that we're still heavily in horse
culture there's a reason that Athena R
is depicted in connection with horses
there's a reason for that right um all
of that calal lithic background is
tribes of
migratory horse
people so much so their fingers are bent
to the bows that they use their hips
sped out because of all the time they
spend on
Horseback love it love it oh God why
does nobody want that part of the drama
give me the next one um by the way the
hipatrik is involved here um that's a
book on
medicine uh horse medicine can you
believe in Antiquity look look look you
can ask somebody um hey you know you
talk about Bible times do this to a do
this to a smarty right here's a little
trick for you tonight walk up to a
theologian or a pastor
right oh God now it just fled my mind
look at that never mind we'll get it a
horse had something to do with hores we
were getting high with horses oh that's
what I was goingon to say your
Hebrew Bible that you sit and study in
your Seminary that thing that is
actually something created in a thousand
a by a religious sect trying to
establish a Matic
text right you look at that you look at
the language in
it look at the
level the level of performance with s to
8,000 words unique words not much at all
Greek has so many unique words that you
have Subs speci Specialties within
Specialties and you see it coming out in
this vocabulary these Temple practices
they are not simple
right they're built on an basis of
reason that is just you know which makes
sense because you walk up to the look at
look at how perfect it is stand in front
of a greek temple someday please and
you'll feel the difference in the
language what do you get with
[Music]
Egyptian straight up look boom boom
looks like a giant rock that somebody
chisled what happens when you stand in
front of a greek temple you know I'm
telling the truth people you know I am
all you Scholars out there all you Egypt
you know I'm telling the truth you stand
in front of a great Temple and you
defecate in your britches just from
sheer awe of the
mathematical calculations it
took to put this
beauty together it's Beauty and you see
these sculptures you're like ah you know
what you feel when you see an Egyptian
sculpture everybody's given the
Egyptians way too much credit
everybody's giving him way too much
credit way too much
credit Gilgamesh too that stuff was
worthless right what a Gilgamesh git you
built okay people people like it when I
do this but so I'm gonna indulge let me
ask the people out there what did
Gilgamesh get you built in history you
know what it got mud Huts that's what it
got mud
brick
brilliant
brilliant check out a temple check out a
temple try one in Athens sometime go to
Turkey look up look up and down the
coast of
turkey
God love it absolutely love it give me
the next one did you have you ever seen
them they're frozen man they're frozen I
don't know why the Greeks make him alive
I wanted to give you the actual teaching
so that you can see here's our kilus our
Warrior poet what does he say oh God the
Father ruler of Heaven you look at the
Deeds of people and you know the ones
that are unjust and the ones that are
just you judge the huus of all these
beasts what does that say sound like to
you what does that sound like to you
does that sound biting it's a little bit
biting right it's a little bit on the
side of uhoh somebody's going to pull
out some stuff that they know they've
got documents and a lot of people are
going to get
implicated right that is our kilus give
me the next one give me the next one
I'll give you that one for free what
else there's yobak key that are going on
what are these there's is another
unconnectable meter oh God it's more
meter with the first antipathy oh quick
my music people I'm already lost or
opposition consisting of an i Amic
dimiter a
catalectic and a three and a half foot
trochaic oh God that guy arilus has a
three and a half foot
trochaic right
there no wonder they worship priapus now
known as the Edan oh look at that ID's
managed to get his name in there right
he had fans too you know what I mean
yeah kind of swifties he had him too um
although somebody said he got into a
competition with sof over some boy P
Diddy thanks some boy who was out there
um prostituting outside of the city
limits yeah they had some thing going on
that now it's probably just made up it's
probably just like you know scandal from
Antiquity just to sell I don't know
[Music]
Scrolls right um as for instance in the
ioba ascribed to our kilus and here's an
example celebrating the Feast of the
Holy demer and Kora I wanted you to see
all the mystery that we've been talking
about for quite a while now um this is
all a part
of
society's creation of literature it's
all a part of it you don't get this
literature without the mystery Cults you
don't get
it otherwise you got gilgames and
ziggurats gilgames and zigurat you know
what they've got in Hell they've got
Gilgamesh text for you to read in hell
right CIA form
read that
stuff look at it it looks like it was
programmed by somebody who is you know
into pain you know what I mean that's
not art looks like a chicken walked on
that clay right what is that ah John
scarber would find that funny he used to
call it chicken scratch give me the next
one give me the next one hurry these
people we're about to get it we're gonna
take a break in a minute but here's the
are you ready to get back to the climax
here here's more tetrameters oh god look
here's a whole bunch stuff look ethic
right ethic what is ethic give me the
next one whole bunch more oh look at the
term right to lead off peculiar to the
liar thus he see it says in arilus quote
my sou leading off the lesbian pean to
the sound of the flute and I want you to
see
lesbian lesbian pan what's a pan it's an
hymn In Praise of Pion
who is Apollo the leader of the
muses okay so this is a
lesbian pan a lesbian pan when you say
Lesbos and you're talking about this
time period you're talking about huge
Amazonian
influence you're talking about the
ground that ultimately produced
safo okay I want you to realize that why
would this dude respect those Amazonian
Traditions I'll give you one
word
Warriors it was Warrior culture and they
understood you know who doesn't
understand people who are not
Warriors right yeah you know where we
can hang we can hang in the Groves of
Mars and we can hang with the bachans
because they will go to the hunters and
the hunters
know CU they live that life and death
struggle right rest of those bread
eaters what good are they what good are
they the bread eaters what good do you
see do you see that heroic Bronze Age
mentality right it's when women kicked
ass man I'm telling you somebody's going
to write a history someday right and
they're going to look at all of the
influence of the cian
ladies I want to tell you right now
right now all joking aside nothing
nothing so historically sexy as these
syian
women they took
Jack they took Jack from anyone they
will take your
scalp they'll take your scalp yeah
they'll suspend you they'll beat you
they'll drug
you they'll hunt and they will kill you
do you think they needed a me too no
they expressed that in their
[Music]
life isn't it gorgeous and you thought
you were so Advanced no you're not
you've been made passive you've been
made passive because the classical well
dried up because
Christianity Judaism Islam came along
and piled up
concrete closed up the well now you and
I got nothing to drink we got nothing to
drink you know what I want I want a tall
dark drink of Amazonian Queen that's
what I want that's what I want somebody
nerds I commissioned thee at once build
me a time machine I want to bring back
an Amazonian woman make it so give me
the next one let's read the dirtiest now
I told you I told you told you people to
hold on I told you people to hold on
this is not the dirty one but um yeah it
just says the E ethic song is the praise
is written in Praise of dionis right
this is the kind of stuff that arilus
authored that's all that says and thank
you very much Siris in
hermogenes what you mean we have so many
references we don't even know who these
people are exactly give me the next one
boom okay this is the this is the piece
to
resistance right here are you ready for
this this is our kilus and I want AR
kilus I'm going to translate this
quickly it's two slides and I'm just
going to translate it for you and I want
you to listen to the
wisdom the wisdom of arilus and his I
Amic poetry are you
ready the
mind of the
kitis and the bad
prostitute are exactly the
same both of them are really
happy
taking
coin okay I'm gonna say that again the
mind of the kitis who's the kitis for
those of you who weren't here this in
Greek is technically the rump dancer the
hoody toot toot of the buttocks
the jiggly Wiggly of the Piggly do you
understand there is an art to those who
have the itch that's how they said it
okay the booty
dancing is a central part of all of this
you
mean you mean dude you know
nine-year-old right
nine-year-old what are we going to find
next I don't know send a swan team out
send a Roman SWAT team out get that guy
look we got a kid here he's gonna
testify next day he falls over
dead described symptomatically from a
drug that induces sexuality and
aphrodesiac doo much Spanish Fly Judas
too much Spanish fly if you ask me it
was Merc merciful it was
merciful give me the next one give me
the next one okay oh no we got to go
back I'm not finished with Translating
that one look that's the kitis so the
mind of the C pores what is a bad
prostitute you thought you hear
prostitute and you think
bad right no no for the
Greek bad prostitutes good prostitutes
bad doctors good back good doctors bad
priests good
priests yeah it's a technical art why do
you think they have Temple
prostitutes right right oh God where
have these people been this civilization
has not reached us he says the kitis and
a bad prostitute their minds are the
same thing they
enjoy taking cash they enjoy the
movement through their backsides they
enjoy the dowels being driven in and
banging they love the banging the
banging the
banging give me the next one that's what
it says okay I'm going to show you the
Greek just so you you know just so you
know um what else do they do they make
sausage wait what okay here's little
it's
colloquial right think of it this way
dolling out the sausage right mixing all
those mats together and doing them out
one little yeah okay picture picture
that right right what else they like the
tumbling in their
innards and
one pummeling is never
enough they like a lot and they swallow
down what do the people do who like the
cat cash what are you supposed to be
doing people you're supposed to be
looking at the people around you who
like the cash you're supposed to be
looking at them oh maybe into yourself a
wee bit
too and what
happens what are you looking at you're
looking at somebody who loves it loves
it give it to me give it to
me what do they say what do they say in
second line remember right remember
who this is we're talking about who's
writing this right one one lover is
never enough they swallow down one male
member after another into their deep
throats and they hunger for the bigger
ones and the thicker
ones and you know what those male
members do they punch around in their
guts that giant cat M all the way
penetrates to the belly
button this is what people are who love
the
money 800 years right excuse me
years pre
Jesus
right okay do you see where the mystery
comes from Judaism and Christianity both
originate from this bakic
mystery and it's all over the language
and the boobs the boobs who have been
teaching you theology as if it were
history they're
boobs
boobs give it to me what happens to
these people let's give it to them that
same one I said okay where were we we
were in the guts we were stabbing the
guts in this great Chasm of your giant
what what does he say look at line
15 a to hell with the person who's all
worked up over sex to hell with that
person who has an itch in their
bottom who loves that bottom
dance who has that El proon
what is an
apron this is what you get according to
arilus when you crave
money what is it that you get an elu it
means wide and a
proos is what the
Proctologist
examines do you
understand yes okay now did the
victorians try to Define this no way man
no way right there's got to be an
excellent way to do this in English but
there you go um so he says you know to H
with all this stuff you know what's
important let this thing be important to
us what the
muses and a life that is dedicated
solely to
them right knowing
this that this kind of life is what
gives real Joy real tangible
happiness real Pro pleasure and it can
all be summed up I'm still trans can all
be summed up in one expression let's
never keep
company with
those whose
Pleasures are
Shameless those who crave
money
Fame
power yeah do you understand this is
what the warrior
says and it's he's considered one of the
three greats of all time Homer heian
arilus thank you for allowing me to
present to you the
curse the
blasphemy you know who I'm talking
to now we're going to end our time and
I'm going to run the final exit but I'm
GNA go get your drill sergeant because I
want to talk about unit five so go ahead
and hit it thank you for coming tonight
if you're not coming back hell Satan but
the derangement
syndrome has them hooding the kids as
you
know for you die
too I'm fashion
gibbets
crucify the child rapist on the
cross throwing Christians to the Lions
[Music]
throwing all the
pedophiles off the
bridge fish
food have a nice
swim for your derangement
syndrome this is the
[Music]
prescription wreak like
Indica puffing the death Bubba
Black Water
Freshies all right here we go so the uh
those of you who are here for the Greek
lessons I know that you've worked
through through units one two three four
right we've got to get you five and six
and seven we'll top it off as what we
need before we have to take our next
exam
so I'm going to be spending a little
extra time with you over the next few
days over the next few sessions that we
meet I'm going to spit be spending a
little extra time with you because I
want you to have this material and I
want you to be able to press ahead with
the Tas right remember you can go to
these
sessions through the link that will be
provided to you to talk to people who
have already been
through this course and have gotten to
the point that they're in my reading
course where we're reading uh Lucian and
the
ass
yes okay let's go let's get to it give
me the first one chewy um again this is
unit five so if you're coming back to
this you know people one of the things
people have been doing is doing just the
short om andu segments to see what is
important in each of the chapters and
then proceeding I think it's a great
idea look we're talking about the
passive voice in unit 5 if you get one
thing out of unit 5 I want you to know
what the passive voice is passive voice
verbs have voice what are the voices
that verbs can have in Greek ancient
number one active number two middle
number three passive active middle
passive so far you have only learned the
active
voice I educate my
son right there is a direct object my
son he is the one who is being acted on
by the verb I is the subject I'm doing
the verb I am not having it done to me
that would be
passive you're talking about the erastes
and the
aromos right the lover and the one who
receives the love right it's the same
thing in the active and the passive and
believe it or not this is exactly as
they thought about it right active
versus passive
rules right okay fantastic what is an
active verb kick I kick the
ball turn it into a passive
form I am kicked by the soccer player I
am kicked now the subject is not doing
the action the subject is receiving the
action right the direction of the verb
is turned around in the passive
fantastic here are the endings that you
need for the present indicative what
what do we have to do we're going to
have to cap off all the verbs that you
have learned so far now with passive
forms so that you can say both I educate
and I was or am
educated good here are the endings that
we you need to memorize these oh my
a
my please notice the second person
singular can be either a to Yoda or
Epsilon eoda don't let that freak you
out memorize om my a
om
p I am being
educated present
indicative
passive present indicative passive good
hit the next one JY
boom okay now pay attention the next
tense we've got to work is the
imperfect the
imperfect the imperfect okay we're gonna
form it just like the imperfect active
but here we're gonna have different
[Music]
endings please chant that to yourself
those are the imperfect passive
endings good good good and what are we
going to how are we going to use the
imperfect passive I was being kicked
right I am kicked in the present passive
in the imperfect I was being kicked good
hit me with the next one beautiful
beautiful what else what other well look
if we can have a present indicative
passive we can also have a present
subjunctive
passive right present subjunctive
passive oh my a
a the look at how long that initial
vowel is in each case you've got just
long vowels there Omega and Ada don't
you love that Omega and Ada just like
any
subjunctive right you're gonna deepen
your
vowels vowels deepen your vowels now
talk to a linguist about that over
candelight dinner you know what I mean
show me how to deepen your
vowels maybe it'll make sense hit next
one give me the next one here's the
present
optative passive form right just like we
have present optative active
remember well here's the passive forms
of
it memorize
it
o oo let your spouse hear you saying
that on the toilet please chanting put
it into your system when you're not when
you're not otherwise occupied with
something
automatic right do something do
something that is you know
normal right set it in your brain give
me the next
one what else from this chapter well I
wanted you to see a future passive I
didn't put it at the top here this is
the future passive look at what the
translation is I will be educated I will
be educated in the future look at this
form people I love this form this is one
of my favorites look at it how do you
form the future passive I know you're
going to raise your hands because you've
been through the first four units you're
G to raise your hand you say oh just
slap a passive ending onto the future
form now that would be logical you could
just use the second principal part and
you could slap one of these passive
forms on it sorry no that's not what you
do remember remember I told you there's
this illicit relationship between the
aist and the future I told you well
here's the Motel 6 right let's go talk
to the person in the front office and
see how many people checked in are you
ready p face my look what we did we took
that sixth principal part we clipped its
ending and then we added an ADA and a
sigma and then the ending okay so you
take the sixth principal part clip off
its ending add an ADA and a sigma and
then you can add
your right P I will be educated P you
will be educated
P he it will be
educated oh my a
that's the onti see why you got to be
sitting on the toilet chanting that you
know what I mean right make the people
around you really uncomfortable like
there's some kind of culty thing going
on your brain right they won't realize
it but you're working out on the toilet
right you're actually working out right
good
fantastic um give me the next one here
is the perfect passive look look at the
endings I just want you to see the
endings it's just my S top meth the
UN right oh God off of the
fifth love it principle part no problem
no problem and then you
can logically jump to this one whoops up
up yep that one there we go you can
logically jump to the pl perfect
passive right when you had right when
you have been something right or you had
been something we had the perfect before
have been something now we're getting
the pl perfect had had extra perfect
it's extra perfect
PL love it to turn Okay anyway here the
endings main so to surprise they look
just like the endings in the imperfect
without the vowels main so to meth unto
they are right the myai Thai and the
main so to
get these down get these down if you
want to progress and you want to be able
to go through you want to go through
these um units progressing like this
please
please what we need is for you to see
things in the exercises pull up those
exercises and I just want people to see
a couple of things these exercises in
this chapter right what are they talking
off about right right from the beginning
now notice people are starting to get
long you're like holy mackerel for
everybody who's not in the Greek right
they look at this like geez what are you
people doing there's actually a whole
bunch of Greek there right good so you
got both that gold and that silver in
this one right now you run into a hooton
polyone after that right you're like oh
wait a minute the way that I express
agency they told me is with
hoop what is agency I was kicked by a
mule I was kicked that's passive I was
kicked you got to tell me now that I am
not the subject anymore right um you got
to tell me who is actually doing the
verb and how do you do that
agency you express that you express that
in Greek in a couple of ways one of the
ways they told you is with hoop the
preposition by right who is this stuff
what what is the stuff that's being
acted upon who's the one who's actually
doing oh it's by the
citizens right look at the verb look at
the main verb here at
pimpan people tell me what that is it's
from pimpa right it's an aist passive
why are we we're translate we're trying
to practice these passive forms right
here's your aist
passive right the silver and the gold
and the silver were what they were sent
by the
citizens that's where your agency is
hoop tone
poone okay I want you to see that then
they give you a purpose Clause hor hor
jump to the end of that line and you get
thus Sayan there's your verb
why do we have an optative there in our
purpose clause in order that they might
sacrifice why do we have that because
our main Clause its verb a pimpon is a
secondary tense it's an arist an arys or
secondaries so it's got to use an
optative form right you people knew that
you saw that coming you saw that coming
right okay um look at number number
two look at number
two what what is the what is the real
swallower here look at the very last
word
gpai gpai it's gonna shift you they're
just trying to shift you from an active
voice to a passive voice so when you're
going through these
exercises I want you to be sure to
consider that there are some things
they're trying trying to point out to
you you should see like you've gone over
this obstacle course right and you know
oh they taught us chin-ups here so
they're going to make us do chin-ups
we're going to do that right and you see
them you're out on the course guess what
purpose Clause that's chin up right main
clause and a secondary oh that's you
know doing push-ups fantastic um I want
you to look at number three now this is
an exercise I do with individual
students that I don't so I have not done
it with you mostly what we do is when we
translate these exercises I'll tell the
student read it they will read it in
Greek number three
a etc
etc um you read it in Greek first and
then you translate it but an exercise I
do is I tell students
stop
stop first thing you do if you see that
a it's a conditional sentence I want you
to identify it I want you to tell me
what kind of conditional this
is and how am I going to do that I've
got to break it down and analyze it and
go back to that chart that's in unit
four and I've got to say which one is
this future more Vivid less Vivid
present General past general present
Contra uh factual past contrafactual
which one is it what is this one look
it's got an A and what is the verb in
the pris what is the verb in the picis
it's in the
optative right what is the verb what
what do we have in the apothesis we''ve
got an on plus an
optative A plus optative optative plus
on right what is that it's a future less
Vivid sh how what's the translation
formula for the future less Vivid should
would should would fantastic a plus
optative optative plus on now you should
be able to translate that whole sentence
if somebody should then somebody would
right we're just following the rules of
the grammar that's all that's all
fantastic okay fantastic I just want to
make sure yeah well notice by the way at
number three there's also there's also a
an infinitive right I want to make sure
there's two of them actually I want you
to make sure and pick up those right
okay good excellent okay so as you're
doing the exercises please learn that
you need to pay attention to what the
unit is actually trying to teach you so
and I know you do that I know um that's
not hard to pick up right I mean it's
natural you should feel that way as
you're doing the exercise what the hell
are they oh it's a it's a purpose Clause
right that not I know that's not going
to strike you a strange it's not gonna
go over your you know head like you're
[ __ ] or something right no keep
studying if at all possible attend one
of the sessions that are on the weekends
that the inid Tas are working where
they're working with the students please
you can go through individual exercises
together you can practice and they are
dedicating their time to this why
because they see the value in training
they see it giving people that freedom
to be able to look at those texts for
themselves right instead of take my word
for it that is precious is precious GS
okay thank you for coming tonight I want
to um I want to say a special thanks to
Teddy for getting us all this lovely
music and you know um bringing those
images oh thank you Teddy I truly
appreciate it everybody look check out
and go to Teddy I also want to say thank
you again to old boy who is putting
together marvelous videos and they're
not long- winded like I am he's putting
a whole bunch of concise information
very short tight little area just
getting it out there where you can just
bam pop it in your mouth and go I love
it I love it it's good stuff um also
thank you to everybody I hope that the
we got lots of feedback
um I appreciate everything that people
have been saying about
the constructive nature of what we're
doing right the constructive nature
right um and in the mean time know that
I'm training that I'm training and I'll
bring something to you that's
gorgeous thank you very much for coming
tonight H see with the derangement
syndrome
has them hooding the kids as you
know for you die
too I'm fashion
gibbets
crucify the child rapist on the
cross throwing Christians to the
Lions throwing all the
pedophiles off the bridge
fish
food have a nice
swim for your derangement
syndrome this is the
[Music]
prescription re like
Indica puffing the death
Bubba black water freshy